Initial draft of meta data element from SSP Traceability (#28)
modelica/ssp-standard: docs/4___common_content.adoc

If it is present, then the attribute `source` of the MetaData element *MUST NOT* be present.
See below for details.
|Signature|One or more instances of this element *CAN* be present to specify digital signature information on the meta data referenced by the enclosing MetaData element.
It is left unspecified what types of signatures are used and/or available for now.
See below for details.
|===

The following XML attributes are specified for the MetaData element:

[width="100%",cols="28%,72%",options="header",]
|===
|Attribute |Description
|kind a|
This attribute indicates the kind of model element meta data that is referenced, i.e. what role it plays in relation to the model element being described.
The kind can be `general` or `quality`, indicating general meta data or quality related meta data, respectively.
|type a|
This mandatory attribute specifies the MIME type of the meta data, which does not have a default value.
If no specific MIME type can be indicated, then the type `application/octet-stream` is to be used.
|source a|
Optional attribute indicating the source of the meta data as a URI (cf. RFC 3986).

> For purposes of the resolution of relative URIs the base URI is the URI of the SSD, if the sourceBase attribute is not specified or is specified as `SSD`, and the URI of the containing model element (e.g. component) if the base attribute is specified as `component`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sourceBase attribute is used for the resolution of relative URIs.
If the sourceBase attribute is not specified or is specified as `SSD`, the base URI is the URI of the SSD.
If the sourceBase attribute is specified as `component`, the base URI is the URI of the containing model element (e.g. component).
```

Author: 2024-09-27: Should be clarified by removing most of the duplicated content from sourceBase. This is to be handled in a separate PR which addresses the same language occuring in all instances of source/sourceBase.
